OVERVIEW 

This project is a collaboration of all members of Jigglypuff and the Project Ideas made in Assignment One.  

Our project combines everyday objects with augmented reality for personal use; a full body mirror that can project hologram image onto the user with the chosen outfit and can change based on user control. The user controls these settings through their own mobile device and able to save and share their outfits with friends or publicly through their account. The app is linked with each mirror via Bluetooth and compatible with only mobile devices, open for free download on Apple iOS and Android devices.  

WHAT DOES IT DO?
This project idea will be able to let customers try on clothing from the comfort of their own room without having the hassle of going to the shop themselves. This makes sure what they are purchasing is what they want and reduces customer dissatifcation that occurs from blind online shopping. 
Our project will not only connect businesses with customers but also allow these businesses to advertise their clothing through the app and from the app users. This will be achieved through our user app that not only saves outfits but also allows them to share their outfit creations with friends or publicly based on their choice. This would not only reduce a customer's dissatisfaction at clothing that isn't the right size or isn't as complimenting as they thought it would be, but their outfit creations are consequently advertisement for the business as they have limited ability to show off their products with their limited models without flooding the customer with images online for the single product with the same model physique. 
Through the use of augemented reality this is bringing a new meaning to online shopping and the use of the newest hologram technology we will change mirrors that hang on a wall that do nothing but reflect. HYPVSN holographic hardware is the best in the market, this will be combined with a standard mirror but unlike the very thin width of most full bdy mirrors, it will increase to accomodate the hologram technology and the electrical hardware needed. In future we will work to advance the hoogram technology to make the mirror thinner and sleeker and hopefully merge the components together so it can be sleek in design and add a modern touch to any home. 
The electrical component of the mirror will require bluetooth and a charging station connecting the hologram hardware, facilitate the bluetooth connection between the user on their mobile device and the camera with its sensors. This will require a large battery capacity, current modern battery packs that are sleek and thin with high mAH will be used and developed for at least a 10,000 mAH level and further changes to connect to all the hardware components. In future we hope that we can develop a battery that doesn't equire casing and can be integrating with the mirror to achieve the sleek ultra thin design. 
Lastly, the user app will require any mobile device as it only requires bluetooth to connect as the app itself will filter users and their accounts. However, the mobile device itself must be at the current systems; Andoid with the 10.0 KitKat and Apple iOS at 13.4.1.
An older system is generally associated or exists with an old mobile device if not updated. This ensures that the device being used is able to facilitate the connection and app uasge without lag. As this app will be made in mind that it will continue in the future and will only faciliate for devices that will be only at the current OS and two OS generations back.In future we will develop the app further to be compatible with smart watches as they are currently interactive with a digital screen. With a simplified version of the user app will be an easier way to use the mirror functions and will be highly convinient for the user as the interaction option will be simplified by a single tap or single button press. 
Overall, the first version of this mirror will not only be one of the first to exist but the future plans for this project is to develop it so it becomes physically lightweight, sleek and modern. With future plans to branch the technology to more then clothing as the fashion industry collaborates closely with many other industries such as the beauty industry. 

WHAT IS THE LIKELY IMPACT?
The likely impact of this new techonology will be a reduction in customer dissatisfaction and skepticism with online shopping and buying. In turn this will increase the fashion industry from the average growth of 4-5% up to 8%. This may not seem like a significant difference but when looking at the monetary value, the industry itself in 2015 was worth 1.5 trillion USD. Furthermore, with our product we hope to give customer's a better reach to their favourite brands and build a positive relationships between business to customer and expand the brand to be included in more aspect of daily activities with the ever growing need for instant results in a fast paced world. 
Socially we hope that this will eliminate the contraversy of the modelling industry as people would not need to rely on someone else to see how the clothes look when worn and make wild guesses about the clothing they want to purchase only to be let down. The modelling industry itself, whilst has currently progressed it is not inclusive of every body type; realistically it is almost impossible to have models to represent an average person with our project it will be catered specifically to the person. 

HOW WILL THIS AFFECT YOU? 
Personally, this will not only make getting ready for the day easier because we do care about our appearance and our clothing is a very important part to that impression. But currently, with the virus causing social distancing and lockdowns online shopping for clothing can be a disaster at times with the wrong sizes or getting the clothes and thinking, "it just doesn't look great" or "I don't love it". Everyone would be benefitting from this and to be able to reduce social interaction as shopping centres can become very crowded very easily with all sorts of people. Everyday would be easy to get dressed with the ability to save outfits for different occasions such as formal wear, smart-casual or business attire all on the app, we would only have to login to our account and search through our personal saved lists to find the right outfit combination. This is really helpful because we all know that one person in our life who will rummage their wardrobe for a very long time trying different clothes or the one person who always complains "I have nothing to wear".
