Roles for the members of Jigglypuff are relatively distinct. 

Kelly is leading the project design, as she previously merged the ideas from each individual member and was able to produce a satisfactory project report based off it. Her task is to define and report the project idea and its needs to be able to report in detail about it. In addition as the group leader, she will assist the other members and pick up on smaller tasks if needed and also assist the user interface designer of the group and answer questions regarding the project idea.

Jayson and Kyle together are the technical research and developers and together will collaborate with each other and split the sections needed for creation of the project. The both of them for this assignment would prefer the research development for the project idea as they feel that is something in their interests to be able to research and report within their respective sections. 

Sohan is our lead user interface designer for the website, given he is somewhat versed in HTML and the other members are either very familiar or not as confident to take up the role to build the interface for the website. With this he will be implementing HTML and CSS to the website and collate all the information for the group site. To allow him to build his knowledge and familiarity with CSS mostly, he will not have a major role to gathering of information for the page as this will be is main focus. 

Whilst there are delegated roles to each team member, there is a blur between the leading project designer and the developers as they need to collaborate and assist each other if they have issues with their appointed task. To have these roles is important so we can have a good workflow and to have these roles assigned before any major work being done so every member understands what they are doing and can focus their attention onto it without having to worry about the other sections. This ensures each section is fufilled with thorough attention to detail and the information is centralized so if there are questions or issues there is a singular person who has the full details rather then many people having nuggets of information. The roles and their sections are pre-assigned, so if there are any issues beforehand it can be voiced and changed and avoid conflict and the team can freely communicate comfortably and safely. 

